balle rafale
canard enchaîné
grosso modo
lieux saints
conseiller régional
droits douane
charles pasqua
chevalier blanc
giscard estaing
goulot étranglement
goulots étranglement
candidature arabe
conseil constitutionnel
prélèvements obligatoires
cour cassation
faits divers
françois mitterrand
pages faits
peser baisse
successions ligne
valeurs nationales
chers compatriotes
commissaire européen
fonctions régaliennes
bruno mégret
proche orient
ramener niveau
dépenses publiques
super menteur
jeunesse dorée
divers journaux
syndicat magistrature
dimanche prochain
mitterrand 1981
ligne directe
plusieurs reprises
union européenne
hérite mérite
jean marie
différents gouvernements
démocrate républicain
général gaulle
prix nobel
rapprocher salaires
salaires intellectuels
exactement inverse
faux témoignages
suffit convaincre
dieu merci
etats unis
places prison
jusqu présent
peur représailles
majorité socialo
socialo communiste
origine étrangère
impôt successions
éducation civique
chef armées
dessus moyenne
main œuvre
période électorale
coûtent cher
impôt revenu
ministère intérieur
mêmes charges
centre droit
vraie raison
morale civique
jour lendemain
première leçon
monnaie occupation
armées chef
candidats fantaisistes
quatre points
monnaie unique
importe quoi
majorité parlementaire
salaires manuels
suppression impôt
temps antenne
travail manuel
baisse salaires
essayer empêcher
indépendance budgétaire
moyen orient
toute évidence
voudrais rappeler
compte tenu
guerre mondiale
rendre comptes
présidentielle fonction
rendu mandat
somme toute
député socialiste
élections européennes
élections régionales
dernières années
trois semaines
famille école
millions chômeurs
veulent travailler
parrainages près
père mort
ancien ministre
écarter candidats
peine mort
déjà condamnés
millions habitants
élections présidentielles
parti communiste
telle telle
assez étonnant
monnaie commune
quelque sorte
quelqu condamné
élections législatives
hommes politiques
prendre mesures
europe fédérale
immigration massive
campagne électorale
euro franc
grand secret
assemblée nationale
deuxième tour
toute circonstance
élection présidentielle
aurait battu
travailleurs manuels
plusieurs mois
grande partie
quelques jours
tant mieux
guerre civile
toutes régions
rendre compte
doivent savoir
selon laquelle
tiers monde
certain nombre
voudrais simplement
choisir entre
europe maastricht
mettre prison
élection législative
entre tours
revenu travail
économique sociale
solidarité nationale
moment donné
lutte contre
manuels salaires
partir moment
front national
ministre intérieur
candidat présidence
résoudre problèmes
arrive tête
revenu impôt
europe nations
éducation nationale
dernières élections
faut confondre
premier ministre
rendent compte
grand succès
quelque chose
avons proposé
salaires travailleurs
présidence république
quelques semaines
rendu compte
parti socialiste
chef justice
suis convaincu
entre mains
millions étrangers
avons places
compte mandat
succès candidat
monnaie nationale
nationale possible
suis prêt
compte rendu
jacques chirac
candidats présidence
faire remarquer
grand rôle
suis hostile
pire jospin
campagne présidentielle
premier tour
millions immigrés
président république
pays européens
suis xénophobe
victoire gauche
jamais rendu
président sortant
deuxième position
chef gouvernement
équipe france
frontières frontières
leurs signatures
dois dire
président groupe
classe politique
politique menée
plus tard
tiens dire
élire président
maires avaient
première choses
marché national
gens prêts
intérêt national
aucun problème
quelques années
résoudre problème
puis après
sais rien
pendant guerre
peuple français
menace république
temps temps
république démocratie
verra bien
vais dire
pays tiers
problème insécurité
suis partisan
faire cadeau
faire diagnostic
monde sait
françaises français
homme gauche
voulu faire
grand chose
bien évident
voix front
problème immigration
suis avis
intérêts français
bien obligés
monde compris
pourrait faire
programme front
étrangers pays
faire face
nombre autres
aura beaucoup
immigration insécurité
voudrais abord
chirac battu
faire élire
jospin chevènement
république chef
dont sait
faire croire
peuple peuple
suis candidat
bien dimanche
domaines bien
ministre président
vrai ecoutez
jeunes gens
politique française
celui jacques
après autres
crois hein
voudrais dire
nombre gens
problème problème
suis homme
pouvoir faire
exemple avons
beaucoup plus
bien verra
espère bien
sait bien
homme politique
compris ailleurs
contre immigration
politique gauche
puisque avons
bien obligé
celui front
beaucoup choses
vais faire
voter chirac
mort france
voir gens
crois aura
jospin homme
chirac jospin
politique immigration
politique sociale
indépendance france
quelque soit
pratiquement plus
voix gauche
pense électeurs
électeurs gauche
veut dire
plus grande
pense faut
bien évidemment
pays monde
aura plus
économie politique
ailleurs étais
gens pouvoir
faut abord
jospin chirac
veut faire
république jamais
avons plus
république française
sais bien
sommes pays
savez bien
france pendant
faut dire
autres pays
beaucoup autres
crois faut
beaucoup gens
bien êtes
savez suis
ecoutez crois
pense pense
président front
pays dont
sommes plus
faut évidemment
voulez bien
suis contre
faire quelque
jospin avait
plus pouvoir
jospin crois
conséquent suis
bien situation
conséquent crois
abord faire
entre france
faut faire
dire gens
chirac vrai
république était
chirac était
autres gens
faut bien
dire quelque
france français
évidemment plus
politique france
insécurité bien
bien compte
tour bien
nationale bien
politique français
faire politique
bien pense
dire jospin
crois crois
bien faut
français français
dire était
ailleurs crois
plus plus
crois gens
plus ailleurs
bien contre
dire ailleurs
autres bien
bien crois
français bien
dire chirac
chirac bien
bien suis
bien dire
faire bien
bien plus
bien bien
