angela merkel
arabie saoudite
small business
sonnette alarme
belles âmes
couleur peau
maurice allais
balance commerciale
discrimination positive
foire trône
fêtes foraines
notes frais
pétrolières gazières
alain marleix
allocations familiales
acquisition automatique
carte vitale
hénin beaumont
matières premières
valises billets
bruno gollnisch
couple franco
nord calais
relèvement exigences
quotas importation
mariage homosexuel
valse étiquettes
cartes vitales
fausses cartes
frédéric mitterrand
drapeau tricolore
dévaluation compétitive
franco allemand
fête foraine
plein fouet
aspect symbolique
réduction drastique
échelle peines
lionel jospin
bleu blanc
traité lisbonne
essence pompe
policiers gendarmes
titres séjour
artisans commerçants
prières rues
familles polygames
maîtres illégitimes
oppression désordre
flux migratoires
langue bois
prêter trésor
blanc rouge
plans renflouement
inscrire constitution
cour comptes
égalité fraternité
exception culturelle
janvier 2011
places prison
pôle rassemblement
aide médicale
amour immodéré
cure austérité
directives européennes
fédéralisme européen
protections intelligentes
cures austérité
quartiers entiers
conférence presse
énergies nouvelles
proposition concrète
collectivités territoriales
ministère intérieur
préparé sortie
régularisation clandestins
second tour
transmission savoirs
milieu culturel
titre séjour
mauvaise dépense
conseil régional
sécuriser nucléaire
classes moyennes
désindustrialisation massive
délits graves
plusieurs reprises
commission discipline
purement simplement
initiative populaire
candidats faussaires
paraît évident
aides sociales
classes populaires
conseils généraux
banques dépôt
gouvernance mondiale
ouvriers ingénieurs
protectionnisme raisonné
bout souffle
embaucher fonctionnaires
fonctionnaires territoriaux
principes républicains
centaines milliers
protectionnisme intelligent
remise ordre
alliot marie
strauss kahn
cantonales mars
court terme
partenaires européens
droits douane
commis erreur
conseils régionaux
vivre décemment
etats unis
chefs entreprise
patrimoine culturel
référendum initiative
candidats interchangeables
primaire ultralibérale
principe fondamental
devient insupportable
victoire idéologique
dominique strauss
pure perte
résultats électoraux
hyper classe
combat menons
lourde responsabilité
monétaire international
jean marie
serai élue
nulle part
général gaulle
général corrèze
peine mort
immense majorité
demande adoption
légitime défense
mondialisation débridée
traités européens
niche fiscale
amour patrie
réguler flux
tunisie egypte
niche copé
pure simple
françois hollande
collectivités locales
aurait fallu
françois mitterrand
soient claires
aucune garantie
élections régionales
secteurs économiques
laisse développer
prix nobel
libre échange
baisse allocations
emplois industriels
internationale déloyale
devait apporter
millions fausses
concurrence déloyale
plusieurs générations
difficultés financières
échelon européen
vrais problèmes
anticiper sortie
dépense publique
processus démocratique
concurrence sauvage
italie espagne
services publics
élections cantonales
villes campagnes
compte tenu
valeurs civilisation
décision prise
egypte tunisie
guerre civile
automatique nationalité
premier rang
tenir compte
systèmes protection
trompé porte
intérêts particuliers
idéologie ultralibérale
entrainer augmentation
régionaux conseils
révolution fiscale
entreprises cac40
aura préparé
grand patronat
populaire proportionnelle
marchés financiers
chômage masse
grèce irlande
saccage social
rendent compte
créent emploi
formations politiques
union européenne
peser baisse
dernières années
rendus compte
grande distribution
grande bretagne
préférence nationale
importation droits
normes règles
partir moment
grands groupes
conseil général
chers amis
rendez compte
intelligentes frontières
plans austérité
devant commission
renflouer grèce
trois semaines
respectent aucune
nombreuses années
parti socialiste
1700 milliards
vème république
pouvoirs publics
progrès social
concurrence internationale
augmentation salaire
morale publique
certain nombre
quelque sorte
crise financière
pleine crise
tourner vers
régression sociale
jamais cotisé
toute série
copé niche
double nationalité
aller emprunter
grandes écoles
pétrole taxes
publique territoriale
donner leçons
manière concertée
millions chômeurs
puissances argent
président comité
fraude sociale
trésor intérêt
aucun résultat
assemblée nationale
quelque chose
posé question
hommes femmes
attendez attendez
emprunter marchés
quelques semaines
projet alternatif
vote étrangers
retour réel
ministère affaires
programme commun
droit asile
petite caste
main main
baisse salaires
mois août
moment donné
toutes circonstances
portent responsabilité
taux intérêt
importe quoi
toute façon
seul moyen
responsables politiques
serai présidente
année dernière
contre meeting
financement public
matière internationale
monopole marchés
fiscale copé
poser question
double peine
aurait permis
grands patrons
milliard euros
élection présidentielle
bonne dépense
certains quartiers
protections frontières
affaires sociales
temps modernes
relancer emploi
exècre gens
fonction publique
prix essence
puissance équilibre
monnaie forte
droit vote
prendre décisions
système bancaire
nicholas sarkozy
nicolas sarkozy
candidate élection
protection sociale
lutter contre
esprit résistance
telle telle
toutes forces
somme toute
monnaie unique
projet présidentiel
milliards supplémentaires
service public
changer avis
puissance mondiale
règles société
pris décision
liberté syndicale
unes autres
million euros
situation légale
logement social
pose question
bonne gestion
ministre affaires
soumis marchés
premier ministre
conflits intérêt
euro imploser
argent public
entreprises françaises
marché travail
simple bonne
souveraineté monétaire
milliards euros
constitution européenne
esprit rassemblement
coûté milliards
front national
relancer économie
autres mouvements
seule solution
égalité droits
strictement rien
premier tour
candidat mondialiste
pouvoir achat
président honneur
moindre choses
inquiète voir
culturelle française
normes sécurité
libre entreprise
homme femme
pouvoir sarkozyste
leurs dogmes
leurs projets
suis convaincue
entre mains
prendre charge
construire avenir
plan austérité
seul objectif
venir chercher
créer emploi
problèmes économiques
aller chercher
mise place
défense intérêts
vais répondre
monde entier
patriotisme économique
immigration légale
lutte contre
manière générale
vraie question
suis sûre
etat stratège
raison laquelle
pris mesure
projet redressement
diversité sociale
lorsque serai
communauté nationale
sommes camp
quelques jours
mise concurrence
guerre libye
euro atlantique
zones droit
suis heureuse
suis ravie
leurs propres
campagne présidentielle
régler problème
président république
maitrise frontières
protectionnisme égard
peuple libyen
justice fiscale
europe bruxelles
chine etats
euros fraude
assurer sécurité
pendant cinq
aucune aide
présidente retour
mettre œuvre
adversaires politiques
frontières européennes
zone euro
mettre centre
système protection
suis désolée
suis rassembler
chers compatriotes
tant mieux
chine chine
mettre protections
médicale etat
grand bénéfice
grand rassemblement
programme 2007
financiers banques
front républicain
économie réelle
république vive
vive république
mettre terme
mettre place
politique étrangère
défendre principes
unité nationale
perte souveraineté
contre corruption
banques affaire
intérêt général
êtes train
suis allée
quelques mois
prix pétrole
totale frontières
candidats seront
attendez excusez
allez voir
activité économique
arrivée pouvoir
toute misère
maîtrise frontières
population française
coûte milliards
veux redonner
question pose
était trompé
suis exprimée
bénéfice grands
dirigeants européens
choses soient
construction européenne
présidentielle 2012
choisir leurs
leurs parents
défendre intérêts
grandes entreprises
débat débat
contrôle frontières
donner moyens
intelligence économique
classe politique
partis politiques
enfants petits
petits enfants
sommes seuls
nationalité française
candidat présidentielle
bonne raison
vision homme
intérêt taux
avez raison
maîtrise monnaie
lorsqu agit
homme nouveau
langue française
rendre compte
série gens
retrouver souveraineté
nombreux mois
france prérogative
made france
liberté égalité
etat fort
empêcher front
trouve assez
système umps
